Translates any given [Shakespeare Programming Language](http://shakespearelang.sourceforge.net/report/shakespeare/shakespeare.html) program into French.

`translate.py` generates the SPL code which does this, which is in `translate.spl`. When `translate.spl` is compiled and run on itself, the output is as stored in `translated.txt`.

The SPL program can translate any valid SPL program written using only the keywords accepted by [drsam94's SPL to C transpiler on Github](https://github.com/drsam94/Spl). The program itself should be compiled with that compiler as well.

Please note that the French generated by this program is nowhere near grammatically correct. It is a word-for-word translation of the original Shakespeare code: adjectives appear in front of nouns, there are no hyphens between "es" and "tu" in a question, etc. However, the words are all French.

The algorithm is as such: the Python code generating the SPL generates a graph of characters that may be followed by other characters in valid SPL keywords. The generated SPL code checks each of these paths upon the input of a new word, and if the path is followed to completion or there is a whitespace character, the equivalent French word is output. Each scene in the SPL code contains the code for a specific possible branch of a word; there is a branch for "ac", a branch for "cymbel", etc. For example, when translating "thou", the SPL code would first see "t", which may be followed by "h" (in "thou" or "the", etc.), "a" (in "tasty", etc.), and many others; it would thus jump to the branch for "t". Following this pattern, it would then jump to the branch for "h", then "o", and finally "u", at which point it would output "tu".